Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/how-to-render-on-a-per-frame-interval-using-compositiontarget.md

ms.assetid: 701246cd-66b7-4d69-ada9-17b3b433d95d
---
# How to: Render on a Per Frame Interval Using CompositionTarget

The [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)] animation engine provides many features for creating frame-based animation. However, there are application scenarios in which you need finer-grained control over rendering on a per frame basis. The <xref:System.Windows.Media.CompositionTarget> object provides the ability to create custom animations based on a per-frame callback.  
  
 <xref:System.Windows.Media.CompositionTarget> is a static class which represents the display surface on which your application is being drawn. The <xref:System.Windows.Media.CompositionTarget.Rendering> event is raised each time the application's scene is drawn. The rendering frame rate is the number of times the scene is drawn per second.  
  
> [!NOTE]

> > For a complete code sample using <xref:System.Windows.Media.CompositionTarget>, see [Using the CompositionTarget Sample](/samples/browse/).  

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
> For a complete code sample using <xref:System.Windows.Media.CompositionTarget>, see [Using the CompositionTarget Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Visual%20Layer/CompositionTarget).  
```
